added loki logging configuration for api keypers (#10)
shutter-network/snapshot-keyper: README.md

### Chain execution clients

> Keypers are required to have access to the Chain's execution client API, where the shutter registry and keyperset manager contracts are deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keypers are required to have access an execution client's JSON RPC API, of the chain, where the shutter registry and keyperset manager contracts are deployed.
```

    - A name of your choice for your keyper node: `KEYPER_NAME`

      (Please use only letters, numbers, and underscores. No spaces or special characters.)
    - Your **public** IP address: `PUBLIC_IP`

      It is important that this is the address your node is reachable under from the internet since it is used for the P2P network between the nodes.
    - A Chain execution JSON RPC API endpoint (WebSocket): `CHAIN_EXECUTION_RPC_WS_URL`
  - Metrics (optional):
    - To enable metrics, set `METRICS_ENABLED` to `true` (the default)
    - Define the interface the metrics ports (`:9200` and `:27660`) should be exposed on with `METRICS_INTERFACE` (defaults to `0.0.0.0`, i.e. the public interface)
    - If you rather not publicly expose the metrics and would like to push metrics instead, uncomment the `COMPOSE_PROFILES=pushmetrics` line and set `METRICS_INTERFACE` to `127.0.0.1`.
      - Define the target(s) for the pushgateway with `PUSHGATEWAY_URL` (multiple targets can be separated by commas).

        The default value points to a pushgateway operated by the Shutter Network team. To gain access please ask for credentials in the Shutter Network Discourse forum.

>   - Logging (optional):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Logging collection (optional):
```

       - Define the target(s) for the pushgateway with `PUSHGATEWAY_URL` (multiple targets can be separated by commas).
         
         The default value points to a pushgateway operated by the Shutter Network team. To gain access please ask for credentials in the Shutter Network Discourse forum.     

>      - Logging (optional):

Reviewer 2: Could you please fix the indentation here to be at the same level as the metrics one? Thank you.

      - To push logs to loki/vmlogs server, use the `docker-compose.loki.yml` file, which overrides logging.

>       - Define the url for the server to push metrics to, with `LOKI_URL`. Default value points to the logging server operated by Shutter Network Team.

Reviewer 2: Could you please add here that they should add their credentials in the URL here as well, and that they would also need to request these credentials in the Shutter Network Forum?

docker compose up -d
```

### To run with pushing logs to loki
```

> docker compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.loki.yml up

Reviewer 2: Can we update docker-compose to conditionally enable logging when an environment variable is set (`PUSH_LOGS_ENABLED)`, similar to how we handle push metrics? This way, users can continue using `docker compose up -d` to run the keyper without additional flags, while still having the option to enable logging when needed.

Author: yeah, I was also striving for that, but as options are different for different logging drivers, it makes it very complicated. Also ternary operators are not supported for `logging` configuration in compose file.
